Proofreading - previously checked files (#11750)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/install_guides/installing-openvino-docker-windows.md

   - `C:\tmp` is the folder with the copy of `OpenCL.dll` from your `C:\Windows\System32` host folder.
   
   2. Copy `OpenCL.dll` to the `C:\Windows\System32` folder inside the container and set appropriate registry entry. Now you may run inference on a GPU device:
      
   .. code-block:: sh
   
      copy C:\tmp\OpenCL.dll C:\Windows\System32\ && reg add "HKLM\SOFTWARE\Khronos\OpenCL\Vendors" /v "C:\Windows\System32\DriverStore\FileRepository\iigd_dch.inf_amd64_518f2921ba495409\ocl\bin\x64\intelocl64.dll" /t REG_DWORD /d 0

   For example, run the `Hello Classification Python` sample with the following command:

   .. code-block:: sh

      omz_downloader --name googlenet-v1 --precisions FP16 && omz_converter --name googlenet-v1 --precision FP16 && curl -kO https://storage.openvinotoolkit.org/data/test_data/images/car_1.bmp && python samples\python\hello_classification\hello_classification.py public\googlenet-v1\FP16\googlenet-v1.xml car_1.bmp GPU

@endsphinxdirective

### Build a Docker image manually

**Step 1**: Preparing a Dockerfile

> You may use the [available Dockerfiles on GitHub](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/docker_ci/tree/master/dockerfiles) or generate a Dockerfile with your settings via [DockerHub CI Framework](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/docker_ci) which can generate a Dockerfile, build, test and deploy an image with the Intel® Distribution of OpenVINO™ toolkit.

Author: ```suggestion
Use the [available Dockerfiles on GitHub](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/docker_ci/tree/master/dockerfiles) or generate a Dockerfile with your settings via [DockerHub CI Framework](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/docker_ci) which can generate a Dockerfile, build, test and deploy an image with the Intel® Distribution of OpenVINO™ toolkit.
```

**Step 2**: Configuring the Docker Image for Different Devices

@sphinxdirective

.. tab:: Installing Additional Dependencies for CPU

   1. Installing CMake

   To add CMake to the image, add the following commands to the Dockerfile:

   .. code-block:: sh

      RUN powershell.exe -Command `
      Invoke-WebRequest -URI https://cmake.org/files/v3.14/cmake-3.14.7-win64-x64.msi -OutFile %TMP%\\cmake-3.14.7-win64-x64.msi ; `
      Start-Process %TMP%\\cmake-3.14.7-win64-x64.msi -ArgumentList '/quiet /norestart' -Wait ; `
      Remove-Item %TMP%\\cmake-3.14.7-win64-x64.msi -Force

      RUN SETX /M PATH "C:\Program Files\CMake\Bin;%PATH%"
   
   In case of proxy issues, add the `ARG HTTPS_PROXY` and `-Proxy %%HTTPS_PROXY%` settings to the `powershell.exe` command to the Dockerfile. Then build a Docker image:

   .. code-block:: sh
      docker build . -t <image_name> `
      --build-arg HTTPS_PROXY=<https://your_proxy_server:port>   

   2. Installing Microsoft Visual Studio Build Tools

>    You may add Microsoft Visual Studio Build Tools to a Windows OS Docker image using the [offline](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/install/create-an-offline-installation-of-visual-studio?view=vs-2019) or [online](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/install/build-tools-container?view=vs-2019) installers for Build Tools.

Author: ```suggestion
   Add Microsoft Visual Studio Build Tools to a Windows OS Docker image by using the [offline](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/install/create-an-offline-installation-of-visual-studio?view=vs-2019) or [online](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/install/build-tools-container?view=vs-2019) installers for Build Tools.
```

>    Microsoft Visual Studio Build Tools are licensed as a supplement your existing Microsoft Visual Studio license. Any images built with these tools should be for your personal use or for use in your organization in accordance with your existing Visual Studio and Windows licenses.

Author: ```suggestion
   Microsoft Visual Studio Build Tools are licensed as a supplement to yours existing Microsoft Visual Studio license. Any images built with these tools should be for your personal use or for use in your organization in accordance with your existing Visual Studio and Windows licenses.
```

Reviewer: > 

```suggestion
   Microsoft Visual Studio Build Tools are licensed as a supplement to your existing Microsoft Visual Studio license. Any images built with these tools should be for your personal use or for use in your organization in accordance with your existing Visual Studio and Windows licenses.
```

   .. code-block:: sh
      RUN powershell.exe -Command Invoke-WebRequest -URI https://aka.ms/vs/16/release/vs_buildtools.exe -OutFile %TMP%\\vs_buildtools.exe

      RUN %TMP%\\vs_buildtools.exe --quiet --norestart --wait --nocache `
            --installPath "C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft Visual Studio\2019\BuildTools" `
            --add Microsoft.VisualStudio.Workload.MSBuildTools `
            --add Microsoft.VisualStudio.Workload.UniversalBuildTools `
            --add Microsoft.VisualStudio.Workload.VCTools --includeRecommended `
            --remove Microsoft.VisualStudio.Component.Windows10SDK.10240 `
            --remove Microsoft.VisualStudio.Component.Windows10SDK.10586 `
            --remove Microsoft.VisualStudio.Component.Windows10SDK.14393 `
            --remove Microsoft.VisualStudio.Component.Windows81SDK || IF "%ERRORLEVEL%"=="3010" EXIT 0 && powershell set-executionpolicy remotesigned

   In case of proxy issues, use the [offline installer for Build Tools](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/install/create-an-offline-installation-of-visual-studio?view=vs-2019).

.. tab:: Configuring the Image for GPU

   .. note::

>       Since GPU is not supported in prebuilt images or [default Dockerfiles](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/docker_ci/tree/master/dockerfiles), you must make sure the Additional Requirements for GPU in <a href="#system-requirements">System Requirements</a> are met, and do the following steps to build the image manually.

Author: ```suggestion
      Since GPU is not supported in prebuilt images or [default Dockerfiles](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/docker_ci/tree/master/dockerfiles), make sure the Additional Requirements for GPU in <a href="#system-requirements">System Requirements</a> are met, and do the following steps to build the image manually.
```
